Jane
Let's leave the countryside now
What are you doing out of here?
They know you're still alive
Won't let our mom go
The Dong family is no longer qualified to deal with me
Gee, you didn't know.
How powerful are they now?
I heard from your grandmother that your third uncle Dong Yi is the god of war
You can't fight
Mom, don't worry about it
I know
Oh, why are you so stubborn?
By the way, I heard that you can cure diseases
How about medical treatment?
They might be able to spare you
What happened? They killed my dad
I want them to let my dad go
As soon as it arrives
I want the entire Dong family wiped out from Dragon City
Hey, come on.
Ok ok
Young Master Yan came from Beidu late at night
What's the emergency?
I heard that medicine is seriously ill in bed
Someone can cure it but not